[Music]
strategies right now is influencer
marketing with the combination of the
influencer has to be on your website so
if the influencer has a related audience
to your product their their followers
know about your space and they're
interested in products or Services
related to your space and they talk
about it a lot on their stories their
posts their videos and then they're on
your landing pages
it converts really well
and so we want to acquire 12 businesses
next year you know ideally businesses
that might integrate with the current
ecosystem that we know we can give them
an instant bump or you know we just
really like the margin and the business
we understand it and even if it's
non-related yeah we we can scale it up
and get Equity the one thing I have been
thinking is like one business I do want
to start next year is a clothing brand
and you know obviously influencers had
merch forever but in my mind I'm like
this is not merch like this is like
legit
clothing like the same clothes I wear
yeah it doesn't need to just say
freaking Ryan whatever you know have
something that's totally addressable
because when I wear these things like
this is a cuts
um sweater yeah a lot of people who
follow me wear Cuts because I wear cuts
and I'm like thinking man look at all
these videos that I'm in if I've gotten
over half a billion views online and if
it just said whatever the brand is on
all these videos that's a lot of free
marketing plus now I'm actually reaching
a massive Tam because everyone needs
clothes like you know there's lots of
ways to buy clothes and
um all my other products right now are
very high ticket they're they're very
Niche so what do you think
so
don't hold back don't hold okay so tell
me where I'm missing how many people do
you have
on what employees oh employees um across
all the companies uh I mean if you count
like 10.99 that you know are pretty good
and stuff it's close to 100 you won't be
able to buy 12 companies successfully
next year so if you look at most private
Equity Funds they don't try to do
um their companies that they buy or
companies that want to do roll-ups
it's hard to buy 12 companies because
it's hard to integrate and run them all
correctly right that's why funds
continue to raise more money and go
after bigger deals okay because time is
the big problem with acquiring companies
it's easy to do one a year okay two a
year is not that bad once you start
going more than three a year it starts
getting hard I know some companies do
way more than that but they have so many
people and what do you think about Joe
though just I guess on that end I get
that if I'm like owning 100 of the
company we gotta fully run it no no even
when you own part of the company and
other people even like a Consulting for
Equity type deal you still see it as a
problem no that's a little bit different
but then you won't be able to spend much
time right I I'm assuming you're buying
a company either 20 50 100 right either
minority or majority right but to do a
lot of deals assuming it's not venturing
you're actually helping run the
companies and grow right that's where
it's gonna okay start becoming so I I
should just pick some cherries next year
pick the best ones and go all in okay
and and uh and it's not just my take on
that
big Financial firms that's what they
tend to focus on because it's the
model's been proven out when you start
acquiring 20 30 10 whatever companies
it's really hard to focus and really
grow them all okay it's not impossible
it's just really hard in the odds are
against you it's much easier to go find
one two three Deals and really just help
them explode and pick the right ones
okay if you're taking the Venture
approaching you're just putting some
money in and you're barely spending time
that's different you can do 12 deals 20
deals you can do and I think yeah and I
think
on the minority stake companies we were
looking at it more so as Consulting for
Equity type deals and you know so that's
not that bad if you're not if you're
team spending some of the time yeah
that's not bad
um but if we're gonna run the full thing
then yeah Bingo and then uh going to
clothing and stuff like that
I'm with you it's a big Market
you're really good at real estate at
least from my perception of them from
everything I've seen your Super Sound
you give great advice
just go buy more apartment complexes and
buildings and raise more money right
it's scalable you're already great at it
is if you had a really good project
tomorrow for 20 million bucks is a hard
to raise the down for the 20 million
bucks no we could do it and you can do
it quickly yeah and people have bet on
you because you're good at flipping
you're very logical you don't get
emotional with real estate a lot of
people do
and I would just continually go do that
just Crush real estate yeah yeah because
eventually you can go and raise a
billion dollars five billion dollars the
two percent and twenty percent I don't
know how you structure them but most
funds at scale typically fall under the
two and twenty right two percent
management fees 20
um of the profits yeah yeah like I was
talking with someone today they run a 10
billion dollar fund yeah they're in
their early 60s you're talking about
just on management fees 200 million
dollars a year less than 100 employees
200 there their firm makes call it
300 to on a bad year to over 500 a year
in income a year so the founders
probably pulling in after paying uh
talent and all expenses the founders
probably pulling in on an average year
200 250 million dollars that's a lot of
money that is a lot of money
and that's what you can end up doing
with real estate hmm
that is definitely something uh to
consider the voting resources to just
raising capital
yeah just raise a lot of capital yeah
there's been a lot of people out there
that I see in the real estate world with
social media have raised you know half a
billion a few hundred million Etc yeah
yeah I had you know Cardone was sitting
there
last month you know just talking about
you know they're at a billion dollars
raised strictly from social media and
you know I mean he's doing a little bit
everything too with you know education
and yeah you know all that stuff along
with raising capital
I would just continue raising capital
from social media for for complexes the
money's great what do you think about
um since you're you're really into the
Wall Street and corporate world you know
raising capital on social media you know
doing it for these smaller deals is
totally fine right but yeah uh
eventually you know to be at the big boy
level you're raising Wall Street money
like what do you think about
transitioning there at some point
uh you'll get there you may already be
there but once you raise more and more
and you show a track record of doing
really well yeah you'll meet some funds
yeah and then you'll start producing Roi
for them and then they'll open up and
give you more money and then you'll get
more money from Wall Street and then
eventually when you really want the
money then people start going to like
Sovereign wealth funds and Pension funds
and stuff like that
um no that makes sense
so what do you see as like the biggest
opportunities right now um going into
2023 I mean you're obviously diverse in
corporate real estate you know marketing
like you got your pulse on like all
things business it sounds like what what
are some big opportunities you're seeing
the big one that I'm seeing is people
should just focus on what they're really
passionate about and what they're good
at because everyone tries to do
they see
the pasture is greener on the other side
right they're like oh The Grass Is
Always Green on the side and that's not
always true for example you're good at
real estate I've done well with real
estate before when I was buying like
bankrupt units or units uh from the
Mandarin or com people that were going
bankrupt and they just need a quick flip
but that's not what I specialize in I've
also lost money on real estate
your track record in real estate is much
better than mine you're good at it I'm
really good at creating technical
software for B2B I'm just good at it
I've been doing it since I was a kid I
like it my track record for creating a
B2B Enterprise company is pretty decent
yeah right my batting average is great
so I just stick with what I'm good at
and everyone looks for New Opportunities
instead of just focusing on what they're
good at like I have a friend here who is
a ex-goldman Sachs guy lives in
Summerlin
which is Vegas right you know that but
in case some other people don't
and he now owns a ton of HVAC companies
he was really good at Goldman Sachs at
doing Financial engineering and he's
like huh I was doing this for Tech I
don't want to do this for Tech anymore
the returns are hard
I'm Really Gonna operations and finance
let me just go do this in a boring
industry fell in love with HVAC and
Roofing and plumbing so Home Improvement
stuff yep and his name's Devin and he's
just like I'm just gonna buy up these
companies makes a killing yeah like
literally a killing I'm not talking
about like five ten million dollars but
like he's scaled up the organization to
do a lot of Revenue with only a few
million dollars of capital because some
of these businesses he's buying them for
like 2-3x ebitda some seller based
financing the best rest bank and he's
putting no money down and he's getting
these businesses for free and then it
does online marketing and runs our
operation better and says hey instead of
using paper for all your record keeping
let's go digital and actually use
software and all this and he's growing
these companies by roughly 40 to 50 in
the first year that he's acquiring him
um that's amazing
so what what's your plan then for 2023
so for us we have software companies
will continually buy more software
companies and continuing because that's
your core competency yeah yeah and then
with our Ad Agency I don't run the Ad
Agency I spend most my time on the Ad
Agency because it's fun for me
um working on the marketing strategy but
it's just more International expansion
for us to be a big Ad Agency we need to
be in more countries we're only in seven
right now we need to be in uh seven main
ones we have some small ones we're in
but we really need to have like a base
and let's call it 50 main countries
um and I'm hoping next year we can add
at least seven if not 13 more and then
over the next five years I want to get
to at least 50. what's I mean what's the
base in the main or these other
countries for like I mean are they huge
bases like with all these people or is
it just like it's just to say we we
we're stationed here and now we can get
business uh most of them you have to
have a base with a good amount of head
count so let's say like if Amazon wants
a market in India a lot of times Amazon
corporate United States will find
someone to help him in India and they'll
say we need you to provide X Y and Z
headcount and resources that are
dedicated into bringing Amazon into
India they're already there now but you
get the point and the same goes with a
lot of companies like Heineken will be
like we need to be have a bigger
presence in Brazil we need you to put 20
30 people on our campaign that just
focus on social media paid ads Etc so if
you get enough contracts those 10 20
people start adding up to hundreds of
people hmm so a lot of people listening
are you know small business
entrepreneurs many of them might be
under seven figures in Revenue you know
summer seven to eight figures that's you
know probably where most people are
um
you know speaking on the paid media side
and the digital side uh what what are
you seeing as like the most undervalued
ways to market right now
one of the biggest under marketed
strategies right now is influencer
marketing with the combination of the
influencer has to be on your website so
if the influencer has a related audience
to your product their their followers
know about your space and they're
interested in products or Services
related to your space and they talk
about it a lot on their stories their
posts their videos and then they're on
your landing pages
it converts really well the other
strategy that we're seeing that a lot of
companies are putting more money to uh
next year is SEO because paid ads keep
getting more expensive ranking
organically on Google even though it's
hard and takes a lot of work it produces
a massive Roi and then the third one
that we're seeing companies make a
mistake on is they all spend a lot on
paid ads just look at Google stock or
Facebook stock I know Facebook stock is
down but still they generate a lot of
Revenue through paid ads
the big mistake that these companies
make is they don't have upsells
downsells multiple products to sell
people they don't optimize for
conversions the copy the sequences and
when you do that when you generate much
more revenue from each click or each
dollar spent you can now start spending
more dollars in scale up faster
um
that makes sense so just being more
efficient on that last one and what
you're already doing with the SEO
portion this is interesting because
you know Google is under attack right
now you know they've had a search
Monopoly for many years right and they
still will going into the future okay
you know because I I've recently seen
multiple things about SEO and and their
upcoming threats one being you know Ai
and this chat GPT thing
um another being Tick Tock and that
people are using now Tick Tock for
search the younger demographics yeah
what do you think about those so let's
first go back to you know
um open Ai and all their AI related
products that help you create content
uh even like the chat one that you just
mentioned
people have been creating tons of
content for SEO for ages now I'll give
you a prime example of this if you
search for auto insurance in the United
States less than a hundred thousand or
less than 200 000 people a month are
searching for the term auto insurance
that I know for a fact did you know
though there's over a billion web pages
on the term auto insurance in the United
States hmm it's crazy about how much
more content there is than people
actually looking for Solutions yep now
I'm not saying there aren't more people
looking for auto insurance but that's
just the amount of people Googling for
that term each month right
there's too much content already so if
these AI tools create 10 times more
content it doesn't really matter Google
is already combating tons of content
that's mediocre and the rate the ranking
brands people with a lot of links people
with a lot of social presence people
that are omnichannel companies that
people can trust
using these AI tools doesn't solve that
problem okay so you don't think that
they'll spam for SEO well they can but
Google's already dealing with that you
already got a billion plus results for
less than 200 000 people looking for a
solution each month yeah so they're
already dealing with that there's going
to be no difference on that end okay
it's just companies are going to be like
oh content creation's easier it's easier
to create mediocre content right you can
use AI tools to help you create
text-based content but it's not going to
be at the same quality that you're
creating content right now you don't
think AI will become better copywriters
than humans
I don't know if they'll become better
copyrights maybe but I don't know if
they'll become more creative the
creativity is what really makes the
content amazing and what you'll find is
yes AI can help you with your marketing
and it may even do amazing job but it
still needs someone to help with the
brand creation someone to help run the
paid ads someone to go out there and
meet people and build that emotional
connection there's a lot of missing
pieces that the AI can't do it's really
part of the puzzle and what you'll find
is companies will use AI to do a lot of
their marketing and they'll get lazy and
not do their rest we're already starting
to see it and they think that they'll
get the same results which isn't true
yeah you see the data yes you still need
people interacting with humans on social
media not just from a format of leaving
a comment but being there trying to help
them out caring for your audience
there's so many things that you need the
AI to catch up with right or running ads
or going to a conference and actually
networking with people how many times
have you met a lot of the people that
have invested in your programs I know a
lot of people probably invest just over
the phone never met you yeah but you go
to a lot of events correct yep and
you've met a lot of people and Goodwill
speaking right 100
this all helps build that brand whether
it's corporate or personal it's hard for
AI to just do those things for you right
there's always going to be a human
element to Brand correct that's why
Nike's got to pay the LeBrons of the
world to make it more humanized Bingo AI
can't replace that yeah that makes sense
so what about tick tock Tick Tock I
agree that's a big threat to Google but
I think they have a long time because
that threat is with a really young
demographic right and we are seeing Tick
Tock ads boom that is another huge
opportunity
um at our Ad Agency we see Tech talk ads
cost roughly half them out and produce
the same uh Revenue uh
let's say if you're advertising on
Facebook so let's say Facebook for every
dollar you spend you would spend roughly
50 cents on Tick Tock but you generate
the same revenue from Tick Tock as you
would with Facebook for each dollar no
it just reminds me a lot of you know
when I hear about these guys who got
into online marketing you know seven
eight years ago and they're running
YouTube ads and Facebook ads nobody knew
what the heck was happening yeah and
then they just would talk about the
returns being crazy and that's why I'm
like okay so what is undervalued right
now should I be using AI you know it's
it's now becoming this talked about
topic should I somehow use it into my
marketing should I be thinking like hey
you know obviously I should run a lot of
tick tock ads based on what you're
saying that's simple
um then then you like mentioned another
thing with the influencers and these
Brands and I'm like okay me being let's
let's talk both sides me being an
influencer what am I worth to a Big
Brand right like what kind of deal
should I negotiate and then what kind of
deals should I be looking to strike with
my buddies yep for my products what do
you think
so
you're more saying if you were
I'm on both sides like I'll look to hire
influencers for my own companies you
know so I look at it as like an Roi
standpoint if it works do everything
like for you if you can be an influencer
and like I'll give a great example if
I'm an influencer for like PayPal I do a
lot of work with PayPal I'm building a
great relationship with them sometimes
you get bigger contracts or deals with
them but at the same time also hire
influencers for my own businesses and
literally do a little bit of both but
like all these channels and all these
options as like experimentation just a
little bit of everything and whatever
works double down on whatever doesn't do
less of right no I mean it's always
testing in marketing sadly you never
have the exact answer yes yeah what do
you think about
everything happening with metaverse and
blockchain where do you see that
technology going here's the best part we
got hit up from someone on Facebook
they're like hey which I could throw an
event on the metaverse and I'm like you
know how hard is it going to be to get
all our attendees to wear these
populists yeah goals and they're they're
expensive and a lot of people don't have
them I'm like no thank you
the metaverse isn't that great yet like
yeah do I think Facebook is doing a good
job with our current platforms when it
comes to during ad Revenue sure they do
great I don't think a lot of people care
as much for the metaverse as Facebook
thinks do I think
it's going to be huge five ten years
from now sure but I don't think in the
form that Mark Zuckerberg is thinking
with avatars what I think is going to be
huge is a very different thing
let's say my wife and three of her
friends want to go shopping in the mall
somehow with some sort of Technology
like a contact lens that isn't you know
big and sitting on your face
you can all virtually be in a mall
shopping at any store Nordstrom's Macy
Chanel you name it and it looks real
identically like as if you were in that
store right and you're picking stuff
trying it on all happening virtually you
can pick what you want to buy with your
friends you're getting the social ex
um
yep and it's all like those in real life
not with avatars but you're actually
there it looks 100 real and you're like
I want to buy this Chanel purse you
check out and within an hour it gets
delivered to your house that's what I
think it's gonna be right so and do you
think like people obviously I think
gaming will also be big in there gaming
will be huge yeah and it's not that the
concept the metaverse won't work it's
just the avatars and what Mark Zucker is
like oh people have zoom fatigue you can
have your character dude I can just turn
off my video camera who cares the Avatar
there for me just turn off the camera I
do so many Zoom calls where the camera's
on or off and that's where I see it
really going is if we can replicate
something that's realistic and I can
hang out with my friends and the United
Kingdom or London and I'm in Las Vegas
and it's 100 real and we're all
communicating just like if it was in
real life and that's the key not with
some fake avatars I think that would be
a huge hit tomorrow it's like the Matrix
yes yeah you know you think you're in
this real place and that that's what it
is that's where it needs to go and I
think eventually it can go there yeah I
think that's probably a while away but
that's what I was saying five years
probably closer to 10 years yeah
and so what do you think about
blockchain and all that I think
blockchain is great I know there's been
a lot of ups and downs with crypto yeah
um the technology is amazing just
imagine if someone in your family from
another country like let's say my family
in India they want money why do I have
to go to a bank why can't I send them
money instantaneously through call it
Bitcoin or any of these currencies or
through the blockchain right right so
forget the value of the tokens or the
value of these coins or whatever you
want to call them I think technology is
just getting started or people owning
their own data yeah I think a lot of
this is going to be big it's just a
companies don't know how to really use
them yet and people are far from
adopting them those are two important
things and a prime example of this is
Airbnb the CEO Brian went on CNBC
talking about on Twitter did a poll most
people are like yeah we want you to
accept Bitcoin and integrate blockchain
well the real changes that they made
that helped improve the business were
with their search listings because
outside of Twitter which is a little
bubble believe it or not on what people
want especially when it comes to uh
blockchain but outside most people who
are using Airbnb want better listing so
they get more transparency and the
people who are renting out their homes
want a better experience as well so that
way it's a better match between
potential renters
and the landlord them and that's what
they focus on and it cause a business to
grow if Airbnb decided to take Bitcoin
all of a sudden that's not going to make
the business boom no the experiences
yeah bitcoin's not adding any revenue or
anything to them exactly right it's just
more of a gimmick exactly and that's
what I'm saying is we're far away from
blockchain technology being
really relevant in businesses because
people are really far from adopting it
yet right what do you see like
it adding value to in businesses
eventually big thing is data and privacy
yeah I think that's going to be a big
one the other one is I think it's going
to re-change our whole financial system
great example of this is we're in Vegas
right now imagine everyone working in a
casino
did you know a lot of people are living
paycheck to paycheck I forgot the stats
but it was a big amount and a lot of
people with that are getting paid call
it minimum wage or 10 15 20 an hour a
lot of them are the ones using payday
loans and are in debt which sucks
imagine if they can start getting paid
for every minute that they worked you
work at a casino by the time you're done
with your shift you have that money on
your phone and you can use it you don't
have to pay interest for payday loans
all right there is a company
um out of the U.S uh I think the the
word day is in there day force or
something like that they're publicly
traded they're now doing daily payments
crypto and blockchain is helping with
some of this stuff but it's not fully
there where everyone can do it on the
hour on the minute
that's the kind of stuff that's going to
change this world right what do you
think about nfts I think nfts are great
you know why can't people own their own
um artwork images whatever you want to
call it and actually have proof that
it's their own ownership right um and I
think you're gonna have that with a lot
of digital images and I don't think just
art I think it's going to go much
further than just art you're talking
about it can be done for things like any
visual assets
um that are on your website or anything
that you end up creating out there right
and
the big thing with nfts and some of
these rich media formats that blockchain
can help with I just think again we're
really far from it and it's just in this
early phases yeah no a thousand percent
I'm I'm curious because like uh I
believe that too I still believe all
this stuff is very far away but I guess
the question as an entrepreneur is you
know like I have a very successful nft
project it was number one on open C like
that's awesome yeah it's it's gone
really well and despite all the FTX
drama and everything it's remained up a
lot and so
you know I'm looking at it and I believe
that and to your point real estate's my
thing so I'm like I know real estate in
the blockchain are going to be huge like
there's so much inefficiency in a real
estate transaction that happens that
blockchain can solve and I'm like I know
I can help create the companies that
will solve that and so
my question is like when you're creating
a startup in Tech because Tech is not
necessarily my forte even though
this this nft project has been an
element of tech
um
being too early became becomes an issue
I mean in my mind I'm looking at
Facebook and meta and I'm like you guys
got the right idea but like it's too
early it's way too early yes right and
so I'm like you know how do you navigate
the timing of a breakthrough technology
it's hard to time anything right so
right um
you just got to pick a time and hope
that you're right hope you're right or
sometimes just wait it out wait it out
like I forgot what was a video player
before YouTube or the video social is vo
or Vimeo I think it was vo or one of
those and they went through a lot of
lawsuits and got bloody but they paved
the way for YouTube to be next and now
YouTube is a big you know winner for
streaming online or well you look at
like these success stories of Elon with
Tesla and you're like you know he was so
early and he was just like it's gonna
happen it's gonna happen you know you
look at Bezos with books and Amazon and
he's just like I have the patience that
I'm right yes
and if you have the patience but more
importantly the money yeah to be patient
you're good to go that's the hard part
because a lot of times when you're too
early yes you have first movers
Advantage but a lot of times you need a
lot of money for the market to be ready
and catch up right and then you you
mentioned data and privacy being huge
and I've seen a lot of this with
um blockchain is that people are going
to own their data yeah and you know
Facebook and all these companies can no
longer monetize your data without paying
you
um and you as an ad guy that makes sense
of like you that's something you got to
be tracking a lot how do you see that we
see it becoming more and more popular
people want to be compensated for their
uh content why shouldn't they be right
um and I actually believe you're gonna
start seeing
much more transparency and more programs
being rolled out just think about how
much money Facebook is losing from
influencer marketing why wouldn't they
want to create a system that just
connects everyone and take a big cut why
why is Facebook losing from influencer
marketing just because they're not
having to do a paid ad
yeah because someone like me or you can
get paid to post something and we
collect the money directly yeah we put
paid promotion but why wouldn't Facebook
want their cut into middleman it right
that makes sense they already have all
the advertisers The Advertiser is going
directly might as well get a cut of that
spend the influencers will love it
because then they'll get access to a lot
more companies in Mass scale tick tock's
kind of doing that like they have like
I've seen it I've never done it but
they're like you want to be in our
creator Marketplace whatever and we'll
connect you with Brands and stuff
so that's kind of happening this
certainly happened but it's not a system
like with Google ads where you can just
click some buttons and pick what you
want and just you're Off to the Races
what do you think will happen with
YouTube and these social media platforms
where you know it seems like okay now
everyone saw what YouTube did with
Google AdSense for influencers and
creators and now you know it's forcing
Instagram and Tick Tock you don't have
to do it everyone has to do it yeah and
you're gonna see more of it
um and YouTube's a little bit of a
different animal the reason YouTube's a
different animal is
people use Instagram and Tick Tock
mainly for entertainment
over education I I know there's some
education happening on these platforms
but YouTube has a big educational
audience where people are looking to go
there to learn about anything
um and YouTube has a big upper hand
because if you look at how people watch
YouTube videos it's them doing a search
query and then finding videos which
allow ads to be much better targeted
than they would on Instagram or Tick
Tock or some of the other platforms
um that makes sense yeah YouTube would
have the strongest
ads you would think yeah because you can
end up seeing what people are doing
based on Behavior just like you can with
Tick Tock and Instagram but you also
have keyword data as well what do you
think Elon will do with Twitter to get
it up to these levels because Twitter
don't pay anybody he's gonna have to
redo a new make the product a lot better
and add in more features yeah he wants
to create like that uh super app yes
like uh like the WeChat in Asia where it
does payments and everything yeah and
I'm not saying he can't do it I would
never bet against Elon but it's not
going to be easy
is that who do you okay this is my final
question for you who do you think is
like as somebody who's been around all
these different companies you've met
CEOs you've met you know very smart
people who are some of the top people
entrepreneurs in the world that you see
today
um Elon of course is one of them uh I
think Jack Dorsey from uh uh block they
changed yeah block and uh to Twitter
he's really good even though people hate
on Mark Zuckerberg he's a really smart
entrepreneur Matt mullenwag the creator
of Wordpress uh he's done exceptionally
well and just really bright
um uh the CEO of Airbnb I love him
because he knows how to stay in his Lane
he's the founder Brian he knows how to
stay in his Lane and just he optimizes
for experience and just tries to Delight
everyone
uh Bill Gates I think he is amazing
entrepreneur what he's going to do with
power uh and energy
um and a lot of things I got another
conspiracy theory why is he buying all
the Farmland what's he doing I have no
idea now some of these guys that try to
stay away from their political views and
stuff like that but if you're just
talking about entrepreneurship right
some of these guys are some of the best
entrepreneurs of our time yeah no a
thousand percent actually this reminded
me speaking of entrepreneurs I don't
know if you can mention it but you said
you guys were managing um ftx's stuff
yeah how was it working did you ever
work with SPF like what was the Fallout
from that was it as crazy as it seemed
so when you're outside contractor you
don't deal with as much of the internal
stuff I'm assuming that when that
happened and keep in mind when companies
are worth billions and millions of
dollars they have a lot of layers so you
end up usually just dealing with
employees like I've never met Sam in
person right A lot of it is like phone
calls and he was a CEO and marketing
you're dealing with the CEO CMOS VP of
marketings director of marketings Etc
right yeah
interesting times with them man this is
crazy I I could be wrong on this I don't
know what's going to happen but if I had
a bet and I bet on this before Sam got
arrested I bet you someone's gonna go to
jail for a very long time yeah because
here's the thing when it comes to the
political system and you got these
senators and governors when rich people
get burned right people look at us like
oh they're rich they already have a ton
of money they're okay when people the
masses get burned and it's a lot of
their life savings and it's a ton of
people they're gonna go to all their
politicians and be like I lost my money
I'm pissed going out with the Pitchfork
and someone's got to end up getting
fried for it I'm not saying when rich
people lose money you know people aren't
getting hung and going to jail
but people have less sympathy even I
have less sympathy for them yeah this is
like oh you put a million dollars into
something and you lost it oh you still
got 10 million dollars you're still okay
yeah but when someone has a hundred
thousand dollars and those are life
savings and they got kids and family
like those people are struggling right
it's really hard on them the person who
still has nine million dollars their
life still isn't that bad I'm not trying
to talk crap but that's just the reality
yeah and a lot of people whose life
savings or majority of their wealth were
in these platforms it sucks yes they're
gonna struggle but also their family
their kids they're gonna struggle and I
think someone's gonna go to jail for it
could be wrong though yeah no I agree
that's what people want to see anyways
but dude it's been a pleasure having you
on the show man I appreciate you coming
out I didn't know you're in Vegas so
we'll definitely have to do some more
stuff man appreciate you yeah same